Q: How often/soon do you plan to update this mod?
A: As often/soon as I can.

Q: Why aren't you using Stdlib? / You should use Stdlib / 
    Nexela, the guy you credited, has a stdlib you could use... etc
A: I am aware of Stdlib, and have specifically chosen to not use it.
    There are a few reasons behind this design choice:
        - I didn't feel that there were enough blueprint, or position manipulation classes,
            that I'd make good use of it for my project, for the time investment to learn 
            what's actually in there.
        - Things aren't done quite in the way that "I would do them". And what is a mod, if
            not an aspect of self-expression?
        - The license just isn't free enough, you know, man. Also I hate legalese. This was
            a chance to have a bit of fun, and use a new "license" that I found :P.
        - I don't actually know if legally the Factorio team would be able to use my code
            if I merged with the Stdlib license. This way, they don't have to worry.
            And it gives them extra incentive for including this functionality in the 
            final game, which would make it better for everyone :).
        - I worry about anything and everything in life, and I don't want people to have
            as much anxiety as I do, so you are as free to use this as can possibly be.
            
Q: *looks at source code* THIS thing is your first "viable" product?!?
Q: Well, I was going to release it sooner, in a "terrible, but working" state. Then I found a 
    show-stopping bug (I was holding a pointer to the player's hand, instead of a blueprint).
    Since then, I've re-written the whole code-base a couple of times, and have been working
    on what's most fun, just to keep myself going on the project.
    Besides, it'll all pay off in the end, since most of this is QOL for me as a dev.
            
Q: Why aren't you using Busted for testing?
A: To me, BDD is end-to-end testing, and has no place in unit testing. LuaUnit can furnish me
    a similar testing style to JUnit, which I'm familiar with, so I'll be using that for now.
    
Q: Why haven't you tested absolutely everything?
A: Because I'm lazy, and I'm a bad, bad person. Don't not-test at home kids.
    More seriously, it's just not as fun as coding. I'm getting by on testing what I have to, 
    or what breaks to "figure out" what broke. I intend to cover EVERYTHING with unit, and
    end-to-end tests... but it's on my long to-do list.
    
Q: Why is none of your code documented?
A: I prefer the notion of "self-documenting code". Comments quickly go out of date, and I prefer
    that code is able to tell you itself what it's doing.
    
    Why do I still have comments in my code? Nobody's perfect.
    
Q: What in tarnation/sam's hell is a front or back end?
A: Short version: I made it like a website/shop/squirrel home/dwarf fortress. Stuff comes in 
    and out in the door ("frontend"), and I hide stuff I need for later in the "backend".

    Technical version:
    Frontend = The user/input side of a website
    ie: Webpage, API calls, where possibly "wild" information comes in...
    Backend = Database/data storage
    
    The factorio global vars are persisted(saved), and function a little like a distributed 
    nosql database. So that's how I'm using them, and as I was a web dev, it's how I'm 
    segmenting my program(mod).
        
Q: Can I really do whatever the fuck I want?
A: To give code back to this codebase will be damn near impossible, because I'm an asshole, 
    and stickler for detail/clean code/specifications that I haven't even settled on yet. 
    And I'll probably get bored, and wander off at some point. But you're welcome to try. And
    
    On your own? Do whatever you want. No skin off my back.
    
Q: I'm working on X mod / Want to use this code in Stdlib / The actual game...
A: DO WHATEVER YOU WANT. 
    I won't modify my coding or test style to suit your needs, but rip as much, or as little 
    as you want. If you want to credit me, I'd appreciate it, but I won't require it.
    
Q: Can you help me... ?
A: Ask me, and I'll think about it.
    
Q: I'd like to show my appreciation for this code (said noone ever)
A: I'll probably be putting up a link to a paypal donation page at some time. 
    I don't really expect anyone to want/be able to give anything. 
    Don't feel guilty if you're in either category.
    
Q: Can I ask you a personal question?
A: Unless I know you(you're on my friends list), nope.
    
Q: Would you like a fantastic opportunity to work for...
A: NO!!! Leave me alone. 
    I like hiding in my pillow fortress.
    Also, my schedule has been described as "bohemian", and the mid-day naps really help with inspiration.
    Also I have a lovely partner here, and I am not budging for hell, or high water. And commuting's a non-option.